[ADD] Recruitment: new applicant doc (#9662)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/hr/recruitment/add-new-applicants.rst

  card. Typically this is the applicant's name and job position being applied to, for example:
  `John Smith - Experienced Developer`. This field is not visible in the Kanban view, unless the
  :guilabel:`Applicant's Name` is left blank. If there is no :guilabel:`Applicant's Name`, then the
  :guilabel:`Subject/Application Name` is what is displayed on the applicant card in the Kanban
  view.
- :guilabel:`Applicant's Name`: enter the applicant's name.
- :guilabel:`Email`: enter the applicant's email address.
- :guilabel:`Phone`: enter the applicant's phone number.
- :guilabel:`Mobile`: enter the applicant's mobile number.
- :guilabel:`LinkedIn Profile`: enter the web address for the applicant's personal profile on
  LinkedIn.
- :guilabel:`Degree`: select the applicant's highest level of education earned from the drop-down
  menu. Options are :guilabel:`Graduate`, :guilabel:`Bachelor Degree`, :guilabel:`Master Degree`, or
  :guilabel:`Doctoral Degree`. The :guilabel:`Graduate` option indicates graduating the highest
  level of school before a Bachelor's degree, such as a high school or secondary school diploma,
  depending on the country.

> - :guilabel:`Interviewers`: using the drop-down menu, select the people who will conduct the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Interviewers`: using the drop-down menu, select the people to conduct the
```

>   interviews. The selected people must have either *recruiter* or *officer* rights configured for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  interviews. The selected people **must** have either *recruiter* or *officer* rights configured for
```

  the *Recruitment* application to appear in the drop-down list. Refer to the :doc:`Access rights

>   <../../general/users/access_rights>` document for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <../../general/users/access_rights>` documentation for more information.
```

- :guilabel:`Recruiter`: select the user responsible for the entire recruitment process for the job
  position.
- :guilabel:`Evaluation`: represents a rating for the applicant: one star is :guilabel:`Good`, two

>   stars is :guilabel:`Very Good`, and three stars is :guilabel:`Excellent.`

Reviewer: may want to consider using star-related icons in this description for added value -- just a thought 🤔

- :guilabel:`Source`: using the drop-down menu, select where the applicant learned about the job
  position. The following options come pre-configured in Odoo: :guilabel:`Search engine`,
  :guilabel:`Lead Recall`, :guilabel:`Newsletter`, :guilabel:`Facebook`, :guilabel:`Twitter`,

>   :guilabel:`LinkedIn`, :guilabel:`Monster`, :guilabel:`Glassdoor`, and :guilabel:`Craigslist`. To

Reviewer: There's more to this list (doesn't just end at Craigslist... so you may want to rework this sentence to allude to there being more options available

Reviewer: At least that's what's showing up when I click 'Search More...` from the resulting drop-down menu in this field

Author: You're seeing extra options put in the runbot- on a blank DB these are the options, with no extra items added to it (same for the next one for the medium) .

  add a new :guilabel:`Source`, type in the source, then click :guilabel:`Create "(new source)"`.
- :guilabel:`Medium`: using the drop-down menu, specify how the job listing was found. The
  pre-configured options are: :guilabel:`Banner`, :guilabel:`Direct`, :guilabel:`Email`,
  :guilabel:`Facebook`, :guilabel:`Google Adwords`, :guilabel:`LinkedIn`, :guilabel:`Phone`,

>   :guilabel:`Television`, :guilabel:`Twitter` (now known as "X"), or :guilabel:`Website`. To add a

Reviewer: I'm also seeing 'SMS' and 'Website' in this field. Probably best to do a double-check during your revisions to ensure the accuracy of these options...

  new :guilabel:`Medium`, type in the medium, then click :guilabel:`Create "(new medium)"`.
- :guilabel:`Referred By User`: if referral points are to be earned for this job position in the
  *Referrals* application, select the user who referred the applicant from the drop-down menu. The

>   *Referrals* application must be installed for this field to appear.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  *Referrals* application **must** be installed for this field to appear.
```

- :guilabel:`Availability`: select the available start date for the applicant. To select a date,

>   click on the field to reveal a calendar. Use the :icon:`fa-angle-left` :guilabel:`(left)` and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  click on the field to reveal a popover calendar. Use the :icon:`fa-angle-left` :guilabel:`(left)` and
```

  :icon:`fa-angle-right` :guilabel:`(right)` arrows on either side of the month to navigate to the

>   desired month, then click the date. Leaving this field blank indicates the applicant can start

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  desired month, then click the desired date. Leaving this field blank indicates the applicant can start
```

  immediately.
- :guilabel:`Tags`: select as many tags as desired from the drop-down menu. To add a tag that does

>   not exist, type in the tag name, then click :guilabel:`Create "new tag"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  not exist, type in the tag name, then click :guilabel:`Create "new tag"` from the resulting drop-down menu.
```

Job section
-----------

The following fields are pre-populated when creating a new applicant, as long as these field are

> specified on the Job Position. Editing the fields is possible, if desired.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
specified on the job position form. Editing the fields is possible, if desired.
```

- :guilabel:`Applied Job`: select the job position the applicant is applying to from the drop-down
  menu.
- :guilabel:`Department`: select the department the job position falls under from the drop-down
  menu.
- :guilabel:`Company`: select the company the job position is for using the drop-down menu. This

>   field only appears when in a multi-company database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  field **only** appears when in a multi-company database.
```

Contract section
----------------

> - :guilabel:`Expected Salary`: enter the amount the applicant is requesting for the role in this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Expected Salary`: enter the amount the applicant is requesting in this
```

  field. The number should be in a `XX,XXX.XX` format. The currency is determined by the
  localization setting for the company.
- :guilabel:`Extra advantages...`: if any extra advantages are requested by the applicant, enter it
  in the :guilabel:`Extra advantages...` field to the right of the :guilabel:`Expected Salary`
  field. This should be short and descriptive, such as `1 week extra vacation` or `dental plan`.
- :guilabel:`Proposed Salary`: enter the amount to be offered to the applicant for the role in this
  field. The number should be in a `XX,XXX.XX` format.
- :guilabel:`Extra advantages...`: if any extra advantages are offered to the applicant, enter it in
  the :guilabel:`Extra advantages...` field to the right of the :guilabel:`Proposed Salary` field.
  This should be short and descriptive, such as `unlimited sick time` or `retirement plan`.

> Application summary tab

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Application Summary tab
```
SUGGESTION: we tend to capitalize proper tab names even in section headings for easier readability

-----------------------

Any additional details or notes that should be added to the applicant's card can be typed into this
field.

Skills tab
----------

Skills can be added to the applicant's card. For details on adding skills, refer to the
:ref:`Create new employees <employees/skills>` document.

.. image:: add-new-applicants/new-applicant.png
   :align: center
   :alt: All the fields for a new applicant form entered.

.. _recruitment/quick-add-applicant:

Quick add
=========

> Navigate to the main recruitment dashboard by going to :menuselection:`Recruitment app -->
> Applications --> By Job Positions`. Click the :guilabel:`(#) New Applications` button on the job
> position card that the applicant should be added to. Then, click the on the :guilabel:`Quick Add`
> button, represented by a small :icon:`fa-plus` :guilabel:`(plus)` icon in the top-right corner of
> the :guilabel:`New` stage to quickly add a new applicant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Navigate to the main recruitment dashboard by going to :menuselection:`Recruitment app -->
Applications --> By Job Positions`. 

From the :guilabel:`Job Positions` dashboard, click the :guilabel:`(#) New Applications` button on the job
position card that the applicant should be added to.

Then, from the :guilabel:`Applications` page that appears, click the on the :guilabel:`Quick Add` button, represented by a small :icon:`fa-plus` :guilabel:`(plus)` icon in the top-right corner of the :guilabel:`New` stage to quickly add a new applicant.

Doing so reveals a blank Kanban card with various fields to fill out.
```
I'm a bit conflicted as to whether or not the 'Quick Add' button should be used with a GUI here... 🤔 It's not shown on the UI, so it might be better to rephrase this in a way, like, "Then, from the 'Applications' page, quickly add a new applicant by clicking the 'fa-plus' (plus) icon in the top-right..."

Whatever you think is best...

Author: I had a hard time with this, because I wanted the word 'Quick Add' to be called out since that's the name of the seciton, AND that's what you see when you rollover on the image. Because the thing you click (the plus sign) IS on the screen- but it's actual name is the 'Quick Add' button. I am also torn- I think we need @samueljlieber to be the tie breaker and make a decision for us =D

Enter the following information on the card:

> - :guilabel:`Subject/Application`: Enter the title for the card. Typically this is the applicant's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Subject/Application`: enter the title for the card. Typically, this is the applicant's
```

>   name and job position being applied to, for example: `Laura Smith - HR Manager`. This field is not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  name, and the job position being applied to. For example: `Laura Smith - HR Manager`. This field is **not**
```

>   visible in the Kanban view, unless the :guilabel:`Applicant's Name` is left blank. If there is no

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  visible in the Kanban view of the :guilabel:`Applications` page for the job position, unless the :guilabel:`Applicant's Name` is left blank. If there is no
```

>   :guilabel:`Applicant's Name`, then the :guilabel:`Subject/Application Name` is what is displayed
>   on the applicant card in the Kanban view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :guilabel:`Applicant's Name`, then the :guilabel:`Subject/Application Name` is displayed
  on the applicant card.
```

- :guilabel:`Applicant's Name`: enter the applicant's name.
- :guilabel:`Email`: enter the applicant's email address.
- :guilabel:`Applied Job`: the current job position populates this field. If needed, the job
  position can be changed by selecting a different position from the drop-down menu. If a different

>   job position is selected, after the card is created, the card appears in the selected job
>   position.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  job position is selected, after the card is created, the card appears on the :guilabel:`Applications` page for that newly-selected job position.
```

After the information is entered, click :guilabel:`Add`. The applicant appears in the list, and a
new blank applicant card appears.

> When doing a quick add, clicking away from the card or the :icon:`fa-trash-o` (:guilabel:`trash`)
> icon discards the applicant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When doing a quick add, clicking away from the card, or clicking the :icon:`fa-trash-o` (:guilabel:`trash`)
icon, discards the applicant.
```

> If preferred, after entering the applicant name, click :guilabel:`Edit` and a detailed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If preferred, after entering the :guilabel:`Applicant's Name` in the Kanban card that appears, click :guilabel:`Edit`, and a detailed
```

> :guilabel:`Applicant Form` loads. Refer to the :ref:`New applicant form

Reviewer: ```suggestion
applicant form loads. Refer to the :ref:`New applicant form
```

The following fields are pre-populated when creating a new applicant, as long as these field are
specified on the Job Position. Editing the fields is possible, if desired.

- :guilabel:`Applied Job`: select the job position the applicant is applying to from the drop-down
  menu.
- :guilabel:`Department`: select the department the job position falls under from the drop-down
  menu.
- :guilabel:`Company`: select the company the job position is for using the drop-down menu. This
  field only appears when in a multi-company database.

Contract section
----------------

- :guilabel:`Expected Salary`: enter the amount the applicant is requesting for the role in this
  field. The number should be in a `XX,XXX.XX` format. The currency is determined by the
  localization setting for the company.
- :guilabel:`Extra advantages...`: if any extra advantages are requested by the applicant, enter it
  in the :guilabel:`Extra advantages...` field to the right of the :guilabel:`Expected Salary`
  field. This should be short and descriptive, such as `1 week extra vacation` or `dental plan`.
- :guilabel:`Proposed Salary`: enter the amount to be offered to the applicant for the role in this

>   field. The number should be in a `XX,XXX.XX` format. The currency is determined by the
>   localization setting for the company.

Reviewer 2: I think we can just mention it once (:
```suggestion
  field. The number should be in a `XX,XXX.XX` format.
```

- :guilabel:`Extra advantages...`: if any extra advantages are offered to the applicant, enter it in
  the :guilabel:`Extra advantages...` field to the right of the :guilabel:`Proposed Salary` field.
  This should be short and descriptive, such as `unlimited sick time` or `retirement plan`.

Application summary tab
-----------------------

Any additional details or notes that should be added to the applicant's card can be typed into this
field.

Skills tab
----------

> Skills can be added to the applicant's card. To add a skill, follow the same steps as outlined in
> the skills section of the :ref:`Create new employees <employees/skills>` document.

Reviewer 2: for brevity
```suggestion
Skills can be added to the applicant's card. For details on adding skills, refer to the :ref:`Create new employees <employees/skills>` document.
```

.. image:: add-new-applicants/new-applicant.png
   :align: center
   :alt: All the fields for a new applicant form entered.

.. _recruitment/quick-add-applicant:

Quick add
=========

Quickly add a new applicant using the *quick add* button. If not already in the job position Kanban
view, navigate to the main recruitment dashboard by going to :menuselection:`Recruitment app -->

> Applications --> By Job Positions`. Click the :guilabel:`(#) New Applications` button on the job

Reviewer 2: To make the document skimmable, I'd start with the navigation instructions, then mention the quick add button (:

position card that the applicant should be added to. Then, click on the small :icon:`fa-plus`
:guilabel:`(plus)` icon in the top-right of the :guilabel:`New` stage to quickly add a new
applicant.

Enter the following information on the card:

- :guilabel:`Subject/Application`: Enter the title for the card. Typically this is the applicant's
  name and job position being applied to, for example: `Laura Smith - HR Manager`. This field is not
  visible in the Kanban view, unless the :guilabel:`Applicant's Name` is left blank. If there is no
  :guilabel:`Applicant's Name`, then the :guilabel:`Subject/Application Name` is what is displayed
  on the applicant card in the Kanban view.
- :guilabel:`Applicant's Name`: enter the applicant's name.
- :guilabel:`Email`: enter the applicant's email address.
- :guilabel:`Applied Job`: the current job position populates this field. If needed, the job
  position can be changed by selecting a different position from the drop-down menu. If a different
  job position is selected, after the card is created, the card appears in the selected job
  position.

After the information is entered, click :guilabel:`Add`. The applicant appears in the list, and a

> new blank applicant card appears. Click either the :icon:`fa-trash-o` :guilabel:`delete` icon or
> anywhere on the screen to close the card.

Reviewer 2: Wanted to add some context why we would use these features (:
```suggestion
new blank applicant card appears.

When doing a quick add, clicking away from the card or the :icon:`fa-trash-o` (:guilabel:`delete`) icon the discards the applicant. 
```

If preferred, after entering the applicant name, click :guilabel:`Edit` and a detailed

> :guilabel:`Applicant Form` loads. :ref:`Enter the information on the form
> <recruitment/applicant-details>`.

Reviewer 2: Totally optional! What you have works too 
```suggestion
:guilabel:`Applicant Form` loads. Refer to the :ref:`New applicant form
<recruitment/applicant-details>` section for details about filling out the form.
```

==================
Add new applicants
==================

Once an applicant submits an application, either using the online application, or emailing a job
position alias, an applicant card is automatically created in the *Recruitment* application.

However, in some instances, applicants may need to be created manually in the database. This could
be necessary if, for example, a company accepts paper applications in the mail, or is meeting
prospective applicants at an in-person job fair.

To view current applicants, navigate to the :menuselection:`Recruitment` app, then click the desired
job position card. Doing so reveals the :guilabel:`Applications` page, which displays all
applicants for that specific role, in a default Kanban view, organized by stage.

Add new applicants from a job position's :guilabel:`Applications` page by using either: the
:ref:`New <recruitment/create-new-applicant>` button or the :ref:`quick add
<recruitment/quick-add-applicant>` button.

> 

Reviewer 3: I liked how the **Quick add** section was before the **New applicant form** section, previously. 

I think this makes sense because in the instruction above you are already on the Kanban view of the Applications page, its a natural step to _quick add_ a applicant card, as well as the last instruction in this section is to optionally **Edit**– which takes you to the next, **New applicant form** section.

I also made a few edits in the copy here to streamline the instruction– lmk if you agree! 
```suggestion
.. _recruitment/quick-add-applicant:

Quick add
=========

On the :guilabel:`Applications` page, click the on the quick add button, represented by a small
:icon:`fa-plus` :guilabel:`(plus)` icon in the top-right corner of each stage to quickly add a new
applicant to that stage.

Enter the following information on the card:

- :guilabel:`Subject/Application`: enter the title for the card. Typically, this is the applicant's
  name, and job position being applied to. For example: `Laura Smith - HR Manager`. The text entered
  in this field is **not** visible in the Kanban view of the :guilabel:`Applications` page, unless
  the :guilabel:`Applicant's Name` field is left blank.
- :guilabel:`Applicant's Name`: enter the applicant's name. Displays as the card title in the
  Kanban view of the :guilabel:`Applications` page.
- :guilabel:`Email`: enter the applicant's email address.
- :guilabel:`Applied Job`: the current job position populates this field. If needed, the job
  position can be changed by selecting a different position from the drop-down menu. If a different
  job position is selected, after the card is created, the card appears on the
  :guilabel:`Applications` page for that newly-selected job position.

After the information is entered, click :guilabel:`Add`. The applicant appears in the list, and a
new blank applicant card appears.

If preferred, after entering the :guilabel:`Applicant's Name` in the Kanban card that appears, click
:guilabel:`Edit`, and a detailed applicant form loads. Refer to the :ref:`New applicant form
<recruitment/applicant-details>` section for details about filling out the form.

When doing a quick add, clicking away from an empty card, or clicking the :icon:`fa-trash-o`
(:guilabel:`trash`) icon, discards the applicant.

.. image:: add-new-applicants/quick-add.png
   :align: center
   :alt: All the fields for a new applicant form entered when using the Quick Add option.

```

.. _recruitment/create-new-applicant:

New applicant form
==================

> To add a new applicant, and include all the relevant information, begin by navigating to the main
> :menuselection:`Recruitment` app dashboard. Then, click on a job position card. Next, click the
> :guilabel:`New` button in the top-left corner of that job position's :guilabel:`Applications` page.
> 
> The :guilabel:`Subject / Application` field is populated with the pre-selected job position, by
> default. Certain fields on the applicant card may also be pre-populated, depending on how the job
> position is configured. Typically, the :guilabel:`Job` section, as well as the :guilabel:`Recruiter`
> field, are pre-populated.

Reviewer 3: Since the navigation instructions were stated earlier in the above section, I think you can get away with jumping straight into being on the applicant form.
```suggestion
On the new applicant form, the :guilabel:`Subject / Application` field is populated with the
pre-selected job position, by default. Certain fields on the applicant card may also be
pre-populated, depending on how the job position is configured. Typically, the :guilabel:`Job`
section, as well as the :guilabel:`Recruiter` field, are pre-populated.
```

> Enter the following information on the new applicant form. Note that not all fields listed below may
> be visible.

Reviewer 3: Since you have the following note detailing that some fields may not be present, I think you can remove this bit. Also since you've broken the applicant form instructions into sections, let's specify that in the instruction
```suggestion
Complete the fields in the following sections on the new applicant form.
```

.. note::
   Depending on installed applications and configurations, some fields may **not** be displayed.

> 

Reviewer 3: I think having this image (showing the whole complete applicant form) at the beginning here is nice, rather than at the end of the **Skills tab** section
```suggestion
.. image:: add-new-applicants/new-applicant.png
   :align: center
   :alt: All the fields for a new applicant form entered.

```

.. _recruitment/applicant-details:

Applicant section
-----------------

- :guilabel:`Subject/Application Name`: this is the **only** required field. Enter the title for the
  card in this field. Typically, this is the applicant's name, and the job position being applied

>   to. For example: `John Smith - Experienced Developer`. This field is not visible in the Kanban

Reviewer 3: To stay consistent with the formatting used in the Quick add section
```suggestion
  to. For example: `John Smith - Experienced Developer`. This field is **not** visible in the Kanban
```

  view of the :guilabel:`Applications` page, unless the :guilabel:`Applicant's Name` is left blank.

>   If there is no :guilabel:`Applicant's Name`, then the :guilabel:`Subject/Application Name` is what
>   is displayed on the applicant card.
> - :guilabel:`Applicant's Name`: enter the applicant's name.

Reviewer 3: IMO can reduce to:
```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Applicant's Name`: enter the applicant's name. Displays as the card title in the
  Kanban view of the :guilabel:`Applications` page.
```

- :guilabel:`Email`: enter the applicant's email address.
- :guilabel:`Phone`: enter the applicant's phone number.
- :guilabel:`Mobile`: enter the applicant's mobile number.
- :guilabel:`LinkedIn Profile`: enter the web address for the applicant's personal profile on
  LinkedIn.
- :guilabel:`Degree`: select the applicant's highest level of education from the drop-down menu.
  Options are: :guilabel:`Graduate`, :guilabel:`Bachelor Degree`, :guilabel:`Master Degree`, or
  :guilabel:`Doctoral Degree`. The :guilabel:`Graduate` option indicates the applicant graduated at
  the highest level of school before a Bachelor's degree, such as a high school or secondary school
  diploma, depending on the country.
- :guilabel:`Interviewers`: using the drop-down menu, select the people to conduct the interviews.
  The selected people **must** have either *recruiter* or *officer* rights configured for the
  *Recruitment* application to appear in the drop-down list. Refer to the :doc:`Access rights
  <../../general/users/access_rights>` documentation for more information.
- :guilabel:`Recruiter`: select the user responsible for the entire recruitment process for the job
  position.

> - :guilabel:`Evaluation`: represents a rating for the applicant: one star (:icon:`fa-star-o`
>   :icon:`fa-star-o` :icon:`fa-star`) is :guilabel:`Good`, two stars (:icon:`fa-star-o`
>   :icon:`fa-star` :icon:`fa-star`) is :guilabel:`Very Good`, and three stars (:icon:`fa-star`

Reviewer 3: The display of the empty and filled in stars was backwards, updating to this so that filled in stars move from left to right
```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Evaluation`: represents a rating for the applicant: one star (:icon:`fa-star`
  :icon:`fa-star-o` :icon:`fa-star-o`) is :guilabel:`Good`, two stars (:icon:`fa-star`
  :icon:`fa-star` :icon:`fa-star-o`) is :guilabel:`Very Good`, and three stars (:icon:`fa-star`
```

  click on the field to reveal a popover calendar. Use the :icon:`fa-angle-left` :guilabel:`(left)`
  and :icon:`fa-angle-right` :guilabel:`(right)` arrows on either side of the month to navigate to
  the desired month, then click the desired date. Leaving this field blank indicates the applicant
  can start immediately.
- :guilabel:`Tags`: select as many tags as desired from the drop-down menu. To add a tag that does
  not exist, type in the tag name, then click :guilabel:`Create "new tag"` from the resulting
  drop-down menu.

Job section
-----------

The following fields are pre-populated when creating a new applicant, as long as these field are
specified on the job position form. Editing the fields is possible, if desired.

- :guilabel:`Applied Job`: select the job position the applicant is applying to from the drop-down
  menu.
- :guilabel:`Department`: select the department the job position falls under from the drop-down
  menu.
- :guilabel:`Company`: select the company the job position is for using the drop-down menu. This
  field **only** appears when in a multi-company database.

Contract section
----------------

> - :guilabel:`Expected Salary`: enter the amount the applicant is requesting in this field. The
>   number should be in a `XX,XXX.XX` format. The currency is determined by the localization setting
>   for the company.
> - :guilabel:`Extra advantages...`: if any extra advantages are requested by the applicant, enter it
>   in the :guilabel:`Extra advantages...` field to the right of the :guilabel:`Expected Salary`
>   field. This should be short and descriptive, such as `1 week extra vacation` or `dental plan`.
> - :guilabel:`Proposed Salary`: enter the amount to be offered to the applicant for the role in this
>   field. The number should be in a `XX,XXX.XX` format.
> - :guilabel:`Extra advantages...`: if any extra advantages are offered to the applicant, enter it in
>   the :guilabel:`Extra advantages...` field to the right of the :guilabel:`Proposed Salary` field.
>   This should be short and descriptive, such as `unlimited sick time` or `retirement plan`.

Reviewer 3: Suggestion to indent the **Extra advantages...** fields under their respective salary fields
```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Expected Salary`: enter the amount the applicant is requesting in this field. The
  number should be in a `XX,XXX.XX` format. The currency is determined by the localization setting
  for the company.

  - :guilabel:`Extra advantages...`: if any extra advantages are requested by the applicant, enter
    it in the :guilabel:`Extra advantages...` field to the right of the :guilabel:`Expected Salary`
    field. This should be short and descriptive, such as `1 week extra vacation` or `dental plan`.

- :guilabel:`Proposed Salary`: enter the amount to be offered to the applicant for the role in this
  field. The number should be in a `XX,XXX.XX` format.

  - :guilabel:`Extra advantages...`: if any extra advantages are offered to the applicant, enter it
    in the :guilabel:`Extra advantages...` field to the right of the :guilabel:`Proposed Salary`
    field. This should be short and descriptive, such as `unlimited sick time` or `retirement plan`.
```

Application Summary tab
-----------------------

Any additional details or notes that should be added to the applicant's card can be typed into this
field.

Skills tab
----------

Skills can be added to the applicant's card. For details on adding skills, refer to the
:ref:`Create new employees <employees/skills>` document.

.. image:: add-new-applicants/new-applicant.png
   :align: center
   :alt: All the fields for a new applicant form entered.

.. _recruitment/quick-add-applicant:

> Quick add
> =========
> 
> Navigate to the main recruitment dashboard by going to :menuselection:`Recruitment app -->
> Applications --> By Job Positions`. Click the :guilabel:`(#) New Applications` button on the job
> position card that the applicant should be added to. Then, click the on the :guilabel:`Quick Add`
> button, represented by a small :icon:`fa-plus` :guilabel:`(plus)` icon in the top-right corner of
> the :guilabel:`New` stage to quickly add a new applicant.
> 
> Enter the following information on the card:
> 
> - :guilabel:`Subject/Application`: enter the title for the card. Typically, this is the applicant's
>   name, and job position being applied to. For example: `Laura Smith - HR Manager`. This field is
>   **not** visible in the Kanban view of the :guilabel:`Applications` page for the job position,
>   unless the :guilabel:`Applicant's Name` is left blank. If there is no :guilabel:`Applicant's
>   Name`, then the :guilabel:`Subject/Application Name` is what is displayed on the applicant card.
> - :guilabel:`Applicant's Name`: enter the applicant's name.
> - :guilabel:`Email`: enter the applicant's email address.
> - :guilabel:`Applied Job`: the current job position populates this field. If needed, the job
>   position can be changed by selecting a different position from the drop-down menu. If a different
>   job position is selected, after the card is created, the card appears on the
>   :guilabel:`Applications` page for that newly-selected job position.
> 
> After the information is entered, click :guilabel:`Add`. The applicant appears in the list, and a
> new blank applicant card appears.
> 
> When doing a quick add, clicking away from the card, or clicking the :icon:`fa-trash-o`
> (:guilabel:`trash`) icon, discards the applicant.
> 
> If preferred, after entering the :guilabel:`Applicant's Name` in the Kanban card that appears, click
> :guilabel:`Edit`, and a detailed applicant form loads. Refer to the :ref:`New applicant form
> <recruitment/applicant-details>` section for details about filling out the form.
> 
> .. image:: add-new-applicants/quick-add.png
>    :align: center
>    :alt: All the fields for a new applicant form entered when using the Quick Add option.

Reviewer 3: See my previous suggestion to move this section above the **New applicant form** section
```suggestion
```
